docs: improve locators examples and flow (#18548)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-configuration-js.md

- `globalTeardown`: Path to the global teardown file. This file will be required and run after all the tests. It must export a single function.
- `retries`: The maximum number of retry attempts per test.
- `testDir`: Directory with the test files.

> - `testIdAttribute`: Set a custom data attribute for your test ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `testIdAttribute`: Set a custom data attribute for your [`method: Page.getByTestId`] locators.
```
